I didn't expect it to be less than half a month
The president and vice president were sent in
This Lin Yi is a tricky guy
Wild monster money free
It's too pitted. Everyone Jiang came over today
Just to discuss the new president
President of Huai'an Rice Guild
I, Lin Yi, want it.
Zhao Yi is you
Li Yi
You are already the president of the Jiangnan Dao Guild
I advise you not to be too greedy.
I am the president of the Circle Waterway Guild
We don't give multi-ticket tickets. Hmm.
We have sent someone to contact Xianyang Dao Guild.
boycott
Don't be too arrogant
President Qi, you came just in time
This guy is paranormal
He just said
To be the president of the Huaishui Road Association
Chairperson Song
I am no longer the president of Xianyang Dao Guild
Well, as long as you know my name
Could it be that you have elected a new president?
The new president of the Huaiyang Road Association
Is wishful thinking
What? How is that possible?
Are the seven brothers kidding me?
No joke.
And we discussed this for several days.
unanimous decision
The venue of Xianyang Dao Guild is indecent
That's just ridiculous.
It's him, you sent the money and teeth to jail?
We are just business
Chairperson Lin also brings us greater profits
Why not?
To go back you go back
Please, I'll tell you.
We White Waterway
I will never bow to you
That's right
Lin Yi
Please get out of our guild director
If you can't make it
You can come to me.
What about me, Lin Yi?
Anytime welcome.
Farewell
Vertical and horizontal tricky
This will be the decision you will regret the most
Humph
That confused thing